ingredients
three tbls oil
450g chicken boneless thighs
3 medium sized onions cubed
1 x red, green & yellow bell pepper cubed
1 400g tin plum tomatoes
400ml water
1 tbls tomato puree
1 tsp corriander seeds
11/2 tsp extra hot curry powder
1/2 tsp fenugreek seeds
1/2 tsp black onion seeds (nigela seeds)
A good handful of chopped corriander leaves
2 Tblsp lemon juice
1 tsp salt (coarse pink sea salt if you have it)
11/2 Tbls garlic paste
1 Tbls ginger paste
3 fresh green chillies
3 Tblsp vegetable oil


Method
Firstly chop your onions into a large dice
heat a wok or large bottomed pan and three tbls oil
add nigella and mustard seeds cook until the colour changes and you can smell the seeds
Throw in your onions stir into the seeds
try to leave them alone........So do something else :0
Cut each chicken thigh into Eight pieces set aside
Cut your pepper remove the seeds and any pith chop into chunks
Finely chop your chillis into circles
Mash a tin of plum tomatoes with a potatoe masher 
Grind the corriander seeds and salt to a fine powder

Tip - If you do not have a pestle and mortar or a spice grinder grab a zip bag, 2 x chopping boards and a rolling pin or even a hammer put the corriander and salt in between the boards in the bag and bash rub bash rub bash then rub again it,s very theroputic!

Add your chilli powder salt and corriander seeds and tomatoe puree into the tomatoe mixture with the lemon juice combine.
Back to those onions give them a turn / stir ( try not to stir to much as they will release water and boil )
Go make a cup of coffee whelst they again do there stuff I know sounds odd and is hard! 20 minutes of your life browning onions really your thinking! But trust me it,s worth it.
Once brown bhuana ( stir fry ) your tomatoes mixture for 7 munites and water in bring to a rapid simmer add the chicken pieces
bhuana ( stir fry ) for 7 minutes stir and cover lower the heat to 3 once bubbling for 20miutes
Uncover add your peppers fresh green chillis and leave the lid off stir through to combine and turn upto 5 for 10 minutes
sprinkle over your fresh corriander

Tip - I use masses of corriander but keep it chopped in the freezer as my local shop sells huge bunches of it and i don,t use it fast enough. If you can buy it from an indian shop do so as the flavour is much more intence than those sad looking little pot plants from the super market. So mine goes in frozen with the peppers.

Top top tip - Your not going to like this idea as your kitchen smells amasing and you just want too eat, but until you,ve tried it you will never believe me. Allow the dish to cool competely set it in the fridge over night and reheat the next day or even two days later and the taste will have matured and be even better!
