Now I know you can buy this in a pouch for one ! But once you have made it you,ll do it again and again flavour, taste and cheaper.
Here I am using easy cook rice (which of course takes ages to soften so it,s ideal here as you will never lose the grains.)
This is a lovely spicey rice dish, you can make it milder by using a standard chilli powder or even omit it completely but I like to live on the spicey side ;-) 
I make this usually as an accompanyment to my Chicken chilli mexican. But it is also great as a buritto filling and is totally vegetarian then.

Serves 4 as a meal 6 as a side???

150g / 1 cup long grain easy cook rice
Soaked for 15 mins rince and repeat rinsing in a sieve.

I Tbls Oil
1 tsp cumin whole
1 tsp whole dried red chilli crushed or red chilli flakes
1/2 medium onion
3 cloves garlic

1 tsp salt
1 tsp extra hot chilli powder
1 tsp kashmiri chilli powder (optional you can use 1/2 tsp turmeric)
1 tsp cumin powder
1/2 tsp black pepper corns ground roughly

1 450g tin of plum tomatoes ( mashed )
1 Tblsp tomatoe paste

500ml / 2 cups water (Hot)
1 OXO veg stock cube disolved in hot water

2 tbls of fresh corriander

Drain your soaked rice into a sieve - check the water runs clear or repeat rince stage. ( if this stage is not correct your rice will stick...)
Heat a heavy bottomed wok.
Add oil soon as oil shimmers add cumin and chilli flakes until the chilli flakes brown and the cumin omits odor. 
Add onions cook for 5 mins on 5 med / low as we are softening not browning.
Add garlic salt and all the spices stir fry until all is combined be careful spices burn quickly!
Raise the heat to 6 high
Add drained rice and stir fry for 5 mins the rice should begin to turn white.
Add tomatoes and puree stir to combine.
Add the stock / water bring to a rapid simmer cover and cook for 20 mins lowering the heat 3 low
Stir ater 10 mins and leave the lid off.
Turn off the ring and leave covered on the lowering heat until all the fluid has disappeared 10mins approximately.
Spinkle in corriander and check the seasoning.

Top top tip- Make this a day ahead chill and reheat

Serve in a tortilla wrap topped with grated cheese and salad as a main or Chilli mexican chicken as a side dish.

Tomato mexican rice served in a tortilla wrap
"Pic"

Tomato mexican rice served with Chicken chilli mexican
"Pic" We have the pic for this in chicken


