Now I love this dish it's so easy yet delivers bags of flavour all it needs is time to tenderise the beef.
This is a delicate curry not overly complicated or heavily spiced. The spinich is coursely chopped and added at the final stage keeping it's colour and more importantly it's nutritional value.
I have used my presure cooker you could do this on a hob or set it into a slow cooker and cook on low over night but it'll take a long time to get the beef tender another option is to use left over roast beef which really works well, cook the sauce then add the thinly sliced cooked beef right at the end with spinich to warm it through. 

Serves 4 to 6 

Ingriedients

2 tbls oil
1 lrg onion sliced
1 2inch piece of fresh ginger finely chopped
4 cloves garlic finely chopped
4 tbls hot curry powder 

( I have used Dunns river which has a carribean flavour profile contains Corriander Turmeric, Salt, Cumin, Cayenne pepper, Onion powder, Fennel, Fenugreek, Ginger, Black pepper and chilli. If you chose to make the powder yourself do a teaspoon of each spice and 1/2 a teaspoon of fenugreek dry fry the whole seeds and cool prior to grinding )

1 tsp hot chilli powder (optional we like a kick!)
1/4 tsp Turmeric
1 tsp sea salt
1 tsp black pepper corns ground
700g Diced cubed beef ( if brought as I did chopped just go through the cubes and reduce any that are large )
450g Baby spinich
5 fresh tomatoes roughly chopped 
( I,m using plum tomatoes from my patio garden. Do not be tempted to use a tin as it will be too harsh and not retain the delicate balence of the dish! )
1 Tbls tomatoe puree
1 Red bell pepper sliced and halfed
125 ml cold water

Method
1 Prepare all your ingriedients
2 Heat a wok or heavy bottomed pan temp. 6
3 Add oil, once shimmering add your onions fry for 5 mins
4 Lower the heat to 4  Add your ginger, garlic and all your spices stir fry untill every thing has totally combined
 
Note. If using cooked beef reverse method 5 and 6 add tomatoes first then your beef until it,s warmed through goto step 8 and 9 your done :-0

5 Raise heat to 6 Add your Beef stir fry until all the beef is well coloured
6 Add tomatoes and the puree

7 Set your presure cooker to meat 45mins or over night in your slow cooker on low. Place every thing from the pan into it and use the water to wash out the wok and add to the pot.
8 Once timer ends add your spinich and put the lid back onto the presure cooker or pan do not set it to cook just leave the residual heat to gently soften the spinich for 5 mins.
9 Check the seasoning and serve

Serve with Basmati rice or a Garlic and Corriander Nann bread and salad